c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Hitokoto.exe.config
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Hitokoto.exe
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Hitokoto.pdb
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Hitokoto.xml
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.g.resources
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.Resources.resources
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.exe
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.xml
c:\users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Hitokoto.pdb
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\bin\Debug\RadialMenu.dll
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinMenu.g.vb
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinMenu.baml
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinLike.g.vb
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinLike.baml
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinAbout.g.vb
C:\Users\hebingchang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hitokoto\Hitokoto\obj\Debug\WinAbout.baml
